Update a link in TiDB Lightning data sources (#18927) (#18930)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-data-source.md

```toml
[mydumper]

> # Local source data directory or the URI of the external storage such as S3. For more information about the URI of the external storage, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Local source data directory or the URI of the external storage such as S3. For more information about the URI of the external storage, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.3/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format.
```
